Love Is All
Tan Lingyin looks into the case of Qi Hui;
Tang Tianyuan finds out the identity of Miaomiaosheng.
Episode 04
Is your honor here?
You're back, Adviser.
Magistrate Tang?
He's on a private visit.
A private visit? Why he didn't take me with him?
He said
don't tell anyone that he went to
Mount Tianmu with Cong Shun.
Mount Tianmu?
He also said that
he will go Western Street
to avoid to meet you.
Why did he avoid me?
Sir, please give me two of this.
Okay. Here you are.
Have a look.
Thanks.
Why you are here?
As your adviser, I should accompany with you,
my lord.
As a female adviser,
it's not appropriate to walk on the street.
Still talking about this?
I'm an adviser already.
Stop.
Stay away from me.
Don't make any trouble for me.
An adviser should be a good partner with her county magistrate.
I'll go with you today.
It's Magistrate Tang. Really?
Exactly!
So charming!
Magistrate Tang.
It seems like you are more popular
than a female adviser.
It's all because of Miaomiaosheng.
Now people wanna know what
Tang Feilong looks like after reading the novel.
Mr. Miao is a good novelist.
It must be amazing to be the center.
Its fine.
Where's Mr. Miao exactly?
Died outside?
Mr. Miao will not come back in one or two years.
He's awesome.
Even he does not have super power,
he can know what happened
in Tongling.
Did your new book sell well?
Thanks to you, my lord.
Oh,
I have an idea to
help you not be recognized by others.
Assistant Zhou, what are you doing here?
Just look around.
Then it's so lucky of you.
See, my sword.
I've just got it today.
Let me show you my sword skills. Let's go.
My lord.
What is it?
A piece of mustache. How's it?
So ugly!
You know nothing. It's called "private visit".
You have a pretty face.
How can you just go around without any disguise!
Disguise cannot cover my good looking.
Although Tongling is a small town,
people said there's rich mineral in Mount Tianmu.
Is there any chance to pick up some gold?
You are such avaricious in young age.
So what? Plus,
I take it in my own way,
instead of robbing it from others.
Really?
Yep. I'm an honest person.
My lord, adviser, you two go slowly.
I'll go first to explore the way.
Do you have water? I wanna drink.
I wanna drink water.
It is not appropriate.
You wanna share the same bottle water with me?
A little dirt never killed anybody.
You mean I'm not clean?
Or I carry a virus?
Nope.
I'm thirsty. I wanna drink water.
I know her.
You met here before?
She came to our bookstore several days before.
My lord! Adviser! Are you okay?
We're fine. Inform County Officers
that we found a female body here.
Tell them come here right now.
What's her name?
Qi Hui.
She bought books from our bookstore several days ago.
You mean Qi's Family who's running a boat business.
She's born in a rich family.
But why she's wearing shabby clothes?
Scared?
No.
If you are not scared,
go and check the dead body.
What? Why me!
Why you don't do it?
I'm a man. It's not appropriate.
Gold?
Check her fatal injury.
It's on her neck.
What about her nail?
There's really something in her nail.
She was fought with someone.
I quite!
My hand can only use for writing,
not using a weapon.
Please let me go.
Brother Zhou, your Kungfu is not good enough.
What if someone wanna kill you!
You can't even protect yourself.
A hero can sacrifice his own life when facing his enemy.
Don't think I don't know
what you mean.
The White Horse tells a story
of a ranger armed with swords
to protect his country with no fear.
By considering your Kungfu, you still have long way to go.
Bad news, Officer Zheng!
Your honor found a female body.
So he asked you to help there.
Excited. I'll go now.
Assistant, wait for me. See you later.
Go.
I buggered up my ankle.
Are you able to walk?
No way. It's so hurt.
Come on up.
Aren't you a neat freak?
Don't think too much.
If you die here,
our County Office will take the responsibility.
Then I'm coming.
Wash my clothes five times later.
Understand?
I'll do whatever you said.
My lord!
why do you come so late?
Where's Zheng Shaofeng?
He said he would like to train
the most savage horse by himself.
Now he's doing it down the hill.
Idiot!
Hurry up to deal with the case!
What are you laughing at?
Go!
Go.
How's everything? Have you found anything?
She's wearing shabby clothes,
but her bag is full of gold.
Can she be a thief?
She doesn't look like that.
But
the gold is not pure.
It seems it hasn't been refined.
Just like those from the mine site.
Gold mine?
Brother Zhou.
Have you ever heard Tongling County is
abound in gold and jewel?
I've heard about it before.
Now, it looks like Tongling is really a treasure place.
Brother Zhou. Do you have anything else?
Our lord was just on board,
and there comes a murder.
Tongling County is a quite danger place.
See?
Those decorative patterns is sewed by Madam for our lord.
Now it's stained with mud. How can we wash it?
Muskmelon, I think it's not all adviser's fault.
The weather changes a lot.
We'd better think about
how to wash it as soon as possible.
Adviser is smart. How about we ask her?
No way.
She's a troublemaker.
She only brings troubles
to my lord and implicates us.
Adviser.
Don't you know it's rude to
eavesdrop on others?
The volume of your voice. Everyone can hear you
from 10 miles away.
Adviser, talking about the volume,
no one can compare
with you.
Stop.
What are you doing here?
Doing my job. What else can I do?
Not for seducing my lord?
Muskmelon. Muskmelon.
Muskmelon, don't worry.
Even if I have a target in County Office,
it won't be your lord.
I've already in love with someone.
Really? Who's it, Adviser?
You two also came from the Capital.
Have you ever heard about Tang Tianyuan?
He's my love.
I have no interest in your lord.
Don't worry.
Oh, Pyrus, where's my lord?
My lord.
He went to the mortuary.
Cong Shun,
it's so dark here.
Bring more lights here.
Okay. Got it.
What a monster! Even interested in dead body!
Go to the hell!
What are you doing?
My lord. What are you doing here?
How do you have such special hobby?
What hobby?
Eye to eye. Nose to nose.
What kind of hobby can it be?
Can't you be professional?
I'm doing an autopsy.
Really?
What else can it be?
Who knows? Sichuan pepper, white onion and vinegar?
You call it an autopsy?
You think I'm gonna cook?
If the body put in here for a long time,
some wounds may not be appeared.
Put some white onion on the wound
and apply some paper with vinegar
so that those wounds will be appeared.
Really?!
Since you are here,
lock the door and take notes.
You'd better not be a pervert.
My lord, is it necessary to be so close to the body?
There's some blood on her hair.
It may be missed if we don't check it closely.
That means
she died by a hit on her hindbrain.
That's so cruel. Pinch and beat.
You said you saw her before?
Yep. I saw her twice before.
She worn gorgeously accompanied by a maid.
Oh, a man once came to her.
What kind of man?
I don't know.
But she brought gold
and buy some books from my bookstore.
And there's a wound on her lip. Make a record.
She must bite it herself.
By herself?
Let me see you bitten yourself.
The lower lip.
Why others bite lower lip
looks so piteous?
But you look
so fierce.
I'm not the lady of a rich family.
How can I be piteous!
Why this
My lord?
He must be back.
Tan Lingyin. What are you doing?
Get out right now.
Leave me alone
whenever I do an autopsy.
Go away.
Go. Go. Go.
Okay. Okay.
My lord, I don't wanna stay here either.
The door.
Cong Shun!
I see.
What are you doing?
Climb over the wall.
That's so dangerous.
I can't catch it.
Are you okay?
I twisted my ankle.
Let me check.
Can you stand up?
What are you doing?
May I hug you?
You already did.
Go.
Thanks.
Female is not fit to work in a County Office.
It's not hurt anymore.
Work so hard?
Don't you think
it is better to be a housewife
in a happy family?
Why you have to work in County Office?
Most of girls' marriage
depends on their parents and the matchmaker.
Some of them don't even know
what her husband looks like before married him.
Don't even say love him or not.
If you married someone who you don't love,
how will you live in a happy life?
Then, what is called happy life?
Get married with someone you loved.
So you ran away from home and came to Tongling.
That's all for
pursuing true love?
You think too much.
I am the person
who's gonna be someone someday.
I also need to take care of my brother as well.
So cold.
Aren't you cold?
Nope. I worn a lot.
What are you doing?
Can't you behave yourself
as a woman?
You don't behave yourself as a man.
Why should I care about that?
Give it to me.
Ridiculous!
Will you join me?
No.
The coat is warm.
You are really not cold?
Of course, it's cold! I'm freezing to death.
So why you don't join me.
Whatever. What can we do?
We can't sit here for whole night.
We don't have any choice,
but stay here tonight.
You really don't want it?
See the moon.
It's a full moon. Like egg custard.
You must be hungry.
My mom used to cook delicious egg custard for me when I was a child.
I've never eaten such
delicious egg custard
since she passed away.
Close your eyes and have a sleep.
You won't feel hungry while you are asleep.
Officer Zheng.
You are so diligent.
Practicing your Kungfu this early?
Young blood.
Where's Magistrate Tang?
Magistrate Tang?
Didn't he go to autopsy room last night?
Autopsy?
Where's Tang?
Isn't he in his room?
Nope.
Where did he go?
Bow to each other. You are husband and wife now.
Wait. What is this situation?
Honey, it's me.
Zhu Dacong? Why are you here?
Honey, it's our big day.
From now on, you are my wife.
I am your husband.
Bullshit! I won't marry you.
Honey, even the ceremony is over.
Now we should take the next step.
Go away. I won't marry you.
Why does my hand hurt so bad?
What do you think?
Why are you covering your face?
Is it because of me?
What do you think?
I'm having tinnitus.
I had a dream.
Who is so blind
that he wants to marry you?
Doesn't he fear getting hit?
A lot of men wanna marry me.
If it's true,
just pick a guy and marry him
before he regrets it. Or it will be a pity.
Pity for what?
It's his fortune to marry me.
Thank god, I don't have such fortune.
Exactly!
Thanks for not marrying me.
Someone's coming.
My lord, why are you here?
Everyone is looking for you!
Hurry up.
Let's go.
Your clothes.
Slow down. My feet hurt.
Enough. Don't cry.
It's no use to cry.
It'll be fine.
His lordship must be with the adviser.
Don't mention her.
It's her fault
that our lord didn't come back at night.
How can I report to Madam?
Muskmelon,
are you still thinking about Madam's promise
that she would let you be his lorship's close maid?
Not close maid. Concubine. Do you understand?
How's it better?
You'll be inferior to others.
You...
His lordship is back.
Where did you go last night, my lord?
We're worrying about you.
My lord.
Thanks to Cong Shun,
I've just come back from the autopsy room.
What?
Wash it.
Adviser, I'll go check the autopsy room.
Wash it? What a neat freak you are!
I'm gonna stamp it.
I won't wash.
Tang Feilong, you are such a big evil.
I am an adviser!
How can I be miserable like this!
How can I be
Zucchini,
bring me some water.
Adviser.
The hot water is for my lord to take bath.
You've already ran back and forth 30 times.
Is he taking a bath or an epilation?
What a serious neat freak!
Why so angry, adviser?
I'm washing clothes.
Here. Wash mine too.
Go away.
Tang has bathed for so long!
The Qi Family have already arrived.
Really?
Yep!
I'll call him.
What about the clothes?
You help me to wash it.
Me?
Hold court trial.
Your Honor,
please help me.
Landlord Qi,
when was your daughter missing?
I remembered to see her
at night on 8th.
But in the morning on 9th,
she went missing.
It's been seven days form 9th till now.
Why you report so late?
That's because... That's because I thought
I thought our lady just ran away from home.
Why did she run away from home?
Your Honor, here's the thing,
I came to an agreement with the Sun Family.
that my daughter will marry their young master Sun Bufan
on 15th next month.
But I never expected that
it would turn out to be beravement.
My lord.
In this case, officer Zheng,
summon Sun Bufan in the afternoon.
Hui, Hui...
Your Honor,
she was fine back then, why it happened so suddenly?
Why are you coming here?
This is County Office. You can't run wild here.
Go back now!
Uncle, let me see her, please.
Let me see her for the last time.
Is he Sun Bufan?
My Honor, he's my distantly related nephew.
My daughter's elder cousin Wei Zitong.
Your Honor,
this shameless nephew
was coveting my daughter.
He pestered my daughter a lot.
Is there any use to say that?
Let me see Hui, please.
You wanna see her?
Only if
I'm dead.
My lord.
Wake up, my lord.
The cousin seems very sad.
Is there anything wrong for him to
see his younger cousin?
No.
No way.
My daughter hasn't married.
How can she be seen by a man casually?
Okay.
Landlord Qi,
go back and have a rest.
And this guy, he is involved in this case,
he will stay to help with investigation.
Qi Hui must be killed for love.
How so?
I used to think that her fiance is from a rich family,
he's a playboy,
so there must be a lot of girls admiring him.
Maybe one of them
hold malice towards Qi Hui and killed her.
But when I saw Wei Zitong today,
I found that there is another possibility.
He killed the person he couldn't get.
No way.
Why?
The Qi Family is rich.
Why did Qi Hui wear so shabby like a wench ?
Unless she chose to run away herself.
I see. She ran away from her marriage.
What do you think of this Wei Zitong's feelings
towards Qi Hui?
Based on the scene today,
it's definite true love.
Landlord Qi doesn't think so.
One-sided love is also a kind of love.
Love is the longest emotion in the world.
Good calligraphy! It must be written by a handsome man.
How do you know?
See. The signature is Tang Tianyuan.
My lord,
didn't you say you don't know Tang Tianyuan?
How can you have his fan?
Well, an colleague gave it to me
before.
It's a waste.
Do you know how many people
want Tang Tianyuan's personal gadget?
There's no bonds between you and him.
The bond between me and him is...
It's you?!
No.
What?
My lord,
the bond between Tang Tianyuan and me
is like destined.
Although Tang Tianyuan looks very
amorous,
but actually he's a gentleman.
Listen, human can disguise
but his handwriting can't.
You know about this too?
The best goodness is like water.
My lord, have some fruits.
Tang Tianyuan.
Okay, bring it to my room. I'll eat them later.
Yes.
His lordship will eat them later.
Take it.
I'll excuse myself. My lord.
My lord.
Go on.
Muskmelon had some misunderstanding
with me before.
But, in order to make it clear,
I've already told everything to her.
I told her,
I, Tan Lingyin, won't be distracted,
my heart is only for Tang Tianyuan.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
My lord,
could you give me the fan
considering my affection towards Tang Tianyuan?
No way.
Then could you borrow it to me for some days?
It's too precious to lend.
So mean.
What's wrong? Qingchen.
Are you okay?
I heard something
in the streets today.
About Qi Hui's death?
They said you are also responsible
for her death.
Since we promoted our new book,
they all said that
Qi Hui died because she was misled
by Miaomiaosheng's story.
I've explained it for many times.
They just kept talking. So annoying.
Did they go to the County Office for you?
Nope. They don't know I am Miaomiaosheng.
What's more. A straight foot is not afraid of a crooked shoe.
This case will be solved one day.
Eat.
Before that day coming,
I'll do some cleaning with Fang and Zhuang.
And close the bookstore for a few days.
So that those busybodies
won't wander around the front door.
Right.
Yep.
What's right? Are you silly?
He who excuses himself accuses himself.
We don't need to be afraid if we never do wrong.
Though we should be friendly to our customers,
we still need to be tough
to those trouble makers.
But isn't this case bothering you?
Nope.
As a female adviser,
I have heard a lot rumors.
In my opinion, life is full of ups and downs,
If I can't endure such difficulties,
how can I make my own living?
Besides,
I think Magistrate Tang will find out the murderer.
I believe in him.
Your Honor,
I and my cousin grew up together.
We're attached to each other.
She didn't like that Sun Bufan.
And she didn't agree on this marriage.
My lord, both sides must present their opinions.
Why not bring Sun Bufan and Yu Huan together here?
Okay.
Come up here.
Your Honor.
What were you doing on the day Qi Hui died?
I had been preparing for the Wedding Banquet
for nearly half a month.
I was tired out every day.
So, I went to sleep at about 9 pm.
It was the same that night.
But Qi Hui's cousin said,
they fell in love with each other.
Yu Huan, you knew your lady well.
What's your opinion?
Your Honor, my lady had rarely met Wei Zitong
in the past ten years.
How is that possible that they fell in love?
Liar!
I grew up with Hui.
Even we didn't see each other a lot,
we still wrote to each other frequently, Your Honor.
If they don't believe what her personal maid said,
how should they even believe you,
this opportunist?
I believe in justice.
If we can't get justice,
Hui wouldn't rest in peace.
Hui promised to get married with me.
How would she fall in love with a despicable man like you!
Even my family fortunes declined,
but I read the books of sages,
and behave as a gentleman, how can I be despicable?
What did you say?
It's a hilarious. Your Honor.
Isn't having an affair despicable? Bah.
I'm gonna kill you.
This is County Office.
My lord. Shall we stop them?
My lord.
They won't go too serious.
Two scholars.
Their fight is like tickling.
How could you...
Go to hell.
I'm gonna kill you.
Stop!
Let go.
Enough!
So bold.
Imprudence.
Stop fighting. Listen to me!
Your Honor.
My lord, the folks keep saying that Qi Hui's death
is related to Miaomiaosheng's novel.
As a manager in Gutang Bookstore,
our adviser shouldn't take part in this case.
But after leaving the court,
she went to ask Wei Zitong in private.
She's acting suspiciously.
Adviser,
is it true?
I've put up with you for a long time.
I became the adviser because of my capability.
Don't suppose I'm inferior to you just because I'm a girl.
Stop blaming me for everything.
County Office has its own rule.
I'm just following the rule.
Adviser Tan, I'll deduct your salary for one month.
For what?
Wise move.
It's all your fault.
I'm here for making money.
All people say Qi Hui's death
is related to Miaomiaosheng.
But they never really care about Qi Hui.
She wore shabby clothes
and died alone in the mountain.
And she was choked to death.
But this is exact the same as in your novel.
That is my first draft before I came to County Office.
It's not finalized.
So where's the draft now?
Has anyone else seen it?
Oops. It's still in the study of County Office.
On a dark and windy night,
the chilly wind keeps blowing,
Ms. Gao gets very frightened.
But for the one she loves,
she chose to attend the date regardless of danger.
But Mr. Miao is not here.
I'm the manager.
Why are you looking for him?
Mr. Miao must get inspired
after hearing his stories.
Our traveler Miaomiaosheng!